x DONE a more generic algorithm, reads data from file

x DONE how is the objective in the library calculated, details of the heuristic algorithm
    objective function minimize the total travel time of all vehicles 
        and plus the penalties for arriving outside of the time windows and vehicle capacity slack
    heuristic search
        FirstSolutionStrategy.PARALLEL_CHEAPEST_INSERTION: 
            This strategy constructs an initial solution by repeatedly inserting the "cheapest" (shortest travel time) 
            unrouted node into the existing routes. The PARALLEL aspect means that multiple threads can be used to 
            speed up the process.
        LocalSearchMetaheuristic.GUIDED_LOCAL_SEARCH: 
            This is a metaheuristic that improves the initial solution through local search. It uses a 
            penalty mechanism to guide the search away from previously explored local optima. 
            Guided Local Search is effective at finding good solutions for complex routing problems.

x DONE data generator, scneario generation generic way. 
    a more dynamic scenario like a simulator. daily scenarios, hourly, number of ambulances
    systemical way to generate some scnearios for time matrix
    and test
    one scenario manually test

x DONE make a interface to create scenarios

x DONE time matrix calculation
    road network durations must be found in the main (according to clients and vehicles locations)
    in basic_darp.py, road network matrix must be handled somehow that we should not lose the location info
        so we can creating time_matrix according to ortools 
    # https://mapsplatform.google.com/pricing/#pricing-calculator
    - discuss

x DONE number of customer satisfied :
    average satisfied score with metrics like 1 if sent early, 2 on time, 3 late
    related to gasoline, overall traffic distance, time
    how many tasks were completed and how many were not
    pricing policy, profit for the company
    - a fake calculation for now. can be considered in more detail


- customer satisfy ratio how to represent (fix fee/dynamic fee)
    oil cost, lateness cost, driver cost (cost function, profit function)
    can we optimize these functions in the negotiation part (automatic decision mechanic, when to accept)
        the utility calculation based on the current situation
        determining to reservation value

- negotiation can be between agents or via mediator
    mediator: how to generate offer, what information should be shared (time is important, privacy is important)


! check if the system work correctly for many cases
    what does it do in cases where it is infeasible


? clients must return their home with same vehicle.
    we do not have the information -and we can not guess- when the client's jobs done in the hospital
        will this information be given before scenario start -it is not realistic-
        will it be entered after the deliveries completed? 
            then we need to keep record of the client-vehicle pairs and run another new simulation, no need to create enother constraint or model
    or we dont consider time windows and just deliver back them to home when vehicle route is completed (after it deliveried clients to hospitals)


PRE-NEGOTIATION
- every agent decide whtch clients to switch (heuristically) (COULD BE EMPTY )
	- same time windows clients. timeda conflict olanlar var ise 1 taneyse direkt gönder değilse profit, time cost calcullation to decide
	- else profit time estimaation
	
- different strategies for swap, feasiblity check, profitbility calculation


NEGOTIATION
- initially mediator maybe do swaps
- client agents evaluating offer (another darp problem) (agentler mediatorün teklifini karşılaştırmak için tekrar sezgisel hesaplıyolar)
- profit karşılaştır. efektifse veya aynıysa kabul. değilse hayır..
- mediator evet diyen companyleri kaldırıp geri kalanlara tekrar çözüm. yani 2li swaplerde kabul edenler onaylayor. kabul edilen clientlar öyle kalabilir, 
- predefined nummber turn


- 10 scenario manually checking output, debug, estimate, smart strategies
-generated scnearios , costs, profit calculation, percent of success for each agent before negotiation 
    total travel time, metrics
- we need infeasible heuristic solutions before negotiation
- logging mechanism, keep scenario for each agent cost profit perventage success...
- for each agent how many (agreement rate!) 


(we consider privacy maybe client count for now. information sharing rate. details in dave's and onur's papers)
(bileteral,than multiliteral)

similarities between clients and mediator smart swaps, guess clietns choices, similarity ratio
try to guess client choices